Lets set up autolens_workspace_test to have dediciated cluster functionality, in particular:

1) Write a scripts/cluster/csv_api.py, which follows the autolens_workspace/scripts/cluster/csv_api.py and therefore includes a full suite of mains, extra, scaling, source galaxies/
1) Write a scripts/cluster/simulator.py, which uses the autolens_workspace/scripts/cluster/simulator.py and uses the csv exa,ple but outputs its point dataset csv, source light profile .csv and all other data.
2) move scripts/imaging/visualization_cluster.py to scripts/cluster/visualization.py, run against the simulator.py output.
3) Set up a likelihood sanity check, which uses the simulated cluster (will need a scritps/cluster/simulator file) and the does sanity checks on its source plane chi-squared (using Point objects with FitPositionsSource) and image plane chi squared (using FitPositionsImagePair). I think the sensible way to do this is to perturb the mass model parameter inputs to the simulator script by a small amount (e.g. 0.1%) and medium amount (e.g. 1%) and large amount (e.g. 5%) and make sure the chi-squared is near zero for the first and that ther log likelihood decreases. The point is that we havent really done full end to end tests tthat the likelihood function gives sensible results to build up confidence cluster modeling is ok. This should ue the simulator made in the test workspace.
4) Build on 3. to do an example where the simulated cluster has sources at different redshifts, and we only get the maximum likelihood soltion when the redshifts are right, and test therefore for that we must get redshifts right. For small changes in redshift (that are still multiplane) make sure we get small likelihood decreases.
5) Can you pair the example in 4 with fits which uses Imaging and light profiles (the values used in the simulator to make images with arfcs and again make sure the likelihood patterns hold.
6) Produce good visualization of 4 and 5 so we can see where the positions end up compared to the data and what the residuals of the light profiles for the cluster set up look like.
7) Now make scripts/jax_likelihood_functions/cluster/single_plane.py and multi_plane.py that has numerical assertions against it using the above test case.

The whole idea behind this task is to stress test cluster likelihood function as much as possible and look for bugs, edge cases and really anything that can (and will go wrong). So be persistent, be nit-picking and look for obvious issues with our implementation.